the professor
no criminal record hasn't renewed his id
since he was 19
as a ghost but a very smart ghost
each hour we printed 8 million euros
1400 sheets of currency grade paper each
producing 140
050 euro bank notes
we have it
they're taking a tunnel what yes they
have a bunch of
plastic explosive and gasoline tanks
yeah stand up
be a blood path for sure but there's a
way to contact the police and guide them
through the raid
i have a cell phone in my office inside
my coat
i don't know how to get there though
[Music]
kill her and be quick
your love story has sent our escape plan
to hell
the police know who you are
oh
[Music]
there's no [ __ ] blood anywhere though
not a single drop don't you get
me here come on don't be stupid
[Music]
do you have bad aim or do blondes make
you nervous
it's not easy when she's begging you not
to kill her this is condor three to
headquarters
we have movement on the roof suarez
tell your snipers to get ready to act
you killed monica god damn it
she was innocent i don't think they were
hostages hands up don't mess with me
get up i'm talking to you get down here
don't tell me
do it
the one way in without being detected by
their cameras is through this
underground access tunnel
it leads to the basement which connects
to the ventilation shafts
in that case officer lobo here and i
will go good
assistant inspector rubio will go in as
a nurse with the two doctors
according to the doctors the operation
shouldn't take more than 30 minutes
but you can't go in until precisely 1900
hours
you'll both be wearing the same overalls
and masks as the kidnappers that way
you'll blend in
we need precision timing in order for
this to work if you have weapons or
anything that emits a signal
i urge you to place them here we're
tracing every signal
[Music]
of course
take the glasses only you'll need those
[Music]
raquel they've swapped masks it's not
dolly anymore
it's gonna be a massacre nairobi decided
to use all of her effort toward the
common good
instead of telling on them she helped
denver and moscow save monica's life
abort entry
let's change the map about entry
damn perfect
those keys in that car will take us to
where it all began
get rid of fingerprints
to crush it up like they do in a
[Applause]
junkyard
[Music]
what are you doing here i wasn't
stealing
made himself look like human waste but
he needed more than that to win this
game
he did what he had to do
get going
[Music]
andre defoniosa currently an outlaw
with delusions of grandeur
those proofs of life you send are
worthless so we have no choice but to go
in
you're asking me to let you in yeah
we're going in
did you really think you could sneak in
a microphone and you thought they
wouldn't try to ensure my safety
rio frost ryo or sometimes ray
that's what his mom called him when he
was a kid expecting more from a man who
will only live another
couple of months what's wrong berlin he
has helmer's myopathy
an extremely aggressive degenerative
disease
with a life expectancy of 14 to
25 months sorry for the intrusion but
i've been wanting to taste that cider
you promised
that microphone wasn't gonna pass a body
search that's why i asked the crime unit
to place a message inside
hello son we've hired you a very good
lawyer and he's been able to get you a
plea deal
[ __ ] traitor you don't want to
believe it
but there's a spy and it can only be you
or your partner two hours just make it
here okay
remember the second stall on the left
i'll leave all the tools here
what the hell are we going to do with
some scissors and a saw i wasn't making
a deal
i kept hearing [ __ ] whispers in the
background hey look
who do you think you are kid huh your
job is to get things done
not make choices he heard them and if he
said he didn't take the deal he didn't
okay yeah the stranger you just poured
your heart out guys
he's been in here raquel he was inside
this goddamn tent
did you look into him because i did have
you even done your [ __ ] job
he owns a store right down the street
from here where he supposedly makes
cider
these are all the tools we managed to
steal
get undressed tape them to your body and
then go down to the basement
cut the pipes in the boiler room and
find anything you can use as a weapon
and then you turn into a traitor a
goddamn traitor
i don't want to see your face anymore i
have reason to suspect you're hiding
something in that cider shop you own
two choices we can do this the easy way
or we can sit here and wait until i get
a warrant but i am warning you
you